I tend to find the annual training that we get on sexual assault prevention
and response. Um, to be particularly valuable there a lot of definitions
that aren't really common because we don't talk about them.
Um, so much that the training provides useful information on what
is the V A What is the SAARC? What medical facilities do you have available
to you? Um, should police be involved. Who is that? Who is
in your chain of command, who you can talk to about? About that? All
of these things, um, they're experts on there are people who are experts
on it, and they could give much better information on it. And
we should just have general knowledge on on how we can direct those
people to go to it. So annual trainings are really good.